Design phases. 
1. Data requirements
First point, the bank is organized into branches. each branch is located in a particular city and is identified by a unique name, the bank
monitors the assets of each branch.

Second, bank costumers are identified by the costumer ID values, the bank stores each costumers name and street and city where the costumer lives
costumers may have accounts and can take out lones a costumer may be associated with a particular banker who may add as a loan officer
or personal banker for that costumer.

Third, bank employes are identified by their employe ID values, the bank administration stores the name and 
thlephone number of each employe, the names of the employes denpendance and the employe ID number of the employes manager
the bank also keeps track of the employes start day and length of the employe.

Number four, the bank offers two types of accounts savings and checking accounts. Accounts can be held by more than one costumer and
a costumer can have more than one account. Each account is assign a unique account number the bank mantains a record of each account balance
and the most present date on which the account was accessed by each costumer holding account. In addition each savings account
has an interest rate and overdraft and recorded for each checking account.

Five, a loan originates at a particular branch and can be held by one or more costumers, a loan is identified by a unique loan number
for each loan the bank keeps track of the loan amount and loan payments, althoug a loan payment number does not unikely identifya particular
payment among those for all the banks loans. A payment number does identify a particular payment for specific loan.

The date and amount are recorded for each payment.
 
2. Entity sets identification
Branch
Costumers
Employes
Saving account
Checking account
Loan
Loan payment

3. Atributes
City, name and assets
Id, name, street, city, banker
Id, name, telephone, emplyes denpendance name, start day, manager, employment lane, salary, manager
Account number, balance, saving acount(interest rate), checking(overdraft)
loan number, amount, originating branch
Loan payment number, payment date and payment amount.

4. Relationship sets designation
Prestamista - costumer y loan - many to many.
Loan payment - loan y payment - one to many
loan-branch - brach y loan - one to many. (ESTA RELACION VA A SUSTITUIR EL ATRIBUTO ORIGINATES DE LOAN)
depositor (acces day) - costumer y account (many to many)
costumer-banker - atributo type - (one to many), esto sustitye a el atributo del costumer
works for- manager and worker, cardinalidad - (employe works for only one manager) - one to many, esta relacion reemplaza al atributo manager de 
empleado.

4. ER DIAGRAM.



